
"Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah."
"My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well."
"Where do cats write notes?\r\nScratch Paper!"
"‘Put the cat out’ … ‘I didn’t realize it was on fire"
"Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic."
"What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe."
"Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic."
"Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!"
"What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain."
"It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle."

"Coffee has a tough time at my house, every morning it gets mugged."
"Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes."
"How does a penguin build it’s house? Igloos it together."
"Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house"
"Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go?"
"Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty"
"My wife is on a tropical fruit diet, the house is full of stuff. It is enough to make a mango crazy."

"Me: If humans lose the ability to hear high frequency volumes as they get older, can my 4 week old son hear a dog whistle?\r\n\r\nDoctor: No, humans can never hear that high of a frequency no matter what age they are.\r\n\r\nMe: Trick question... dogs can't whistle."
"Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy."
"“My Dog has no nose.” “How does he smell?” “Awful”"
"I adopted my dog from a blacksmith. As soon as we got home he made a bolt for the door."
"My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away."
"What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever."
"I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu."
"what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador"
"What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark."
"At the boxing match, the dad got into the popcorn line and the line for hot dogs, but he wanted to stay out of the punchline."
"It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle."
"What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything."

"My boss told me to have a good day... so I went home."
"My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home..."
"My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!"
"My boss told me that he was going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me."
